Erengard
Aliases: Bastion of the North, City of Scholars
Region: Northern Telyndr

Society
Demonym: Erengardian
Population: Approx. 75,000
Demographic:

Race	Percentage
Human	60%
Dwarf	12%
Half Elf	8%
Elf		5%
Halfling	5%
Gnome	4%
Tiefling 4%
Other	2%

Religion: Predomonently Pelor. Temples to Oghma, Moradin, Tempus. Lesser temples to Mystra, Tymora, Selûne.
Alignments: All

Commerce
Imports: Leather, grain, livestock, exotic goods, ores
Exports: Ale, wine, cloth, furnishings, pottery, finished goods

Political Structure
Government Type: Oligarchy
City Leader: High Lord Aurik Siegel
Legislative: The Eren Assembly
Judicial: Justicars of The Eren Assembly

General Information
The capital city on the continent of Telyndr, Erengard stands in the Northern region of the land. Home to scholars, wealthy trade families, and fine craftspeople, the city prides itself on championing innovation and research in the ways of science, literature, and crafting. Ruled by Lords of the Siegel family for the last three generations, the noble families of Erengard are long-established and still hold the majority of the key positions of power and responsibility. 

Geography
Sheltered by dense forest to the north and east and mountains to the east and south, the city of Erengard sits near the border where the more temperate climates of the south meet the colder plains of the north. The natural defenses of forest and mountain provided much of the timber and stone that founded the city, and is still used today in its repairs and expansion. The abundance of stone and presence of some minor ore veins has allowed Erengard to maintain its nickname of 'Bastion of the North' due to its formidible defenses and solid structural foundations. There are fanciful stories from centuries past of the fledgling city fending off attackers from the northern wilds, though the sparse records from those times are still considered more myth and legend than accurate accounts.

Government
The city's High Lord/Lady retains the final say over all matters of government in Erengard, though they are aided and advised by the Eren Assembly; a group of seven counselors, chosen from a list of twelve candidates. When a position becomes vacant, each of the historical noble families of the city nominate the representative of their house, and a vote is cast to decide who will take the place on the Eren Assembly. 

Law and Order
Day-to-day order is kept by the City Corp of the Capital Guard, performing the expected duties of law enforcement as well as serving as escorts for Assembly members as they attend their duties around the city. Members of the City Corp are not permitted to use magic, though those who do show sensitivity to ways of the Weave are expected to train in the detection of magic. While all those of the City Corp patrol armed and in armor, there are very few recorded incidents where weapons had to be used as anything other than a deterrant. 

Matters of larger-scale disputes and the dispensation of justice are handled by the Justicars, empowered by the Magister of the Eren Assembly to pass appropriate sentences on those brought forward. In the most serious of cases, or in any case involving one of the major noble families of the city, a member of the Eren Assembly serves as a high judge.

Trade
While Drezh (known as 'The Crossroads') is perhaps a better-placed trade hub, Erengard's trade families are still as well established today as they were several decades ago. As the scholars and craftspeople of the city have need for some rare or exotic materials, there are very regular trade caravans to and from the city. The more valuable of these can sometimes be seen with a City Corp (or sometimes even a small Capital Guard) escort.

Exports
Catering to noble tastes and being home to crafters of significant talent makes finished goods a large portion of the city's yearly exports. Furniture, pottery and statuery of both decorative and functional varieties, along with a carefully controlled number of high-end weapons are sent south to Drezh and the other larger settlements of Telyndr. Despite not having the climate to grow many varieties of fruit and grains, there are still a number of breweries and vintners who try to balance the import costs of ingredients with the cost of their finished products. 

Imports
Erengard relies on the smaller settlements of the region for much of their food supplies, as the expansion of the city has pushed all arable and farming operations out of its protective walls. Exotic goods form another staple of the incoming trade, serving the ever-changing whims of Erengardian high society as well as the stranger demands of resources from those attempting to advance various areas of knowledge and understanding.


Defences
Erengard's city defenders are the Capital Guard, split into a City Corp and a Military Corp- the City Corp serve as local constabulary and peacekeepers, while the Military Corp man the garrisons and outposts. The city boasts impressive high stone walls with watchposts at regular intervals, as well as an impressive entrance archway holding a pair of solid wood doors reinforced and adorned with the best metal the best Dwarven crafters in the city's history could craft. 

History
TBD

Notable Locations
